Adjust readmes (#20)
thoth-station/datasets: notebooks/thoth-performance-dataset/README.md

# Thoth Performance Datasets

Thoth Performance Datasets are created with one of the components of Thoth called [Amun](https://github.com/thoth-station/amun-api).
This service acts as an execution engine for Thoth where applications are built and tested using [Thoth Performance Indicators (PI)](https://github.com/thoth-station/performance).

> Amun can be scheduled through another component in Thoth called [Dependency Monkey](https://github.com/thoth-station/adviser/blob/master/docs/source/dependency_monkey.rst).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amun can be scheduled through another component in Thoth called [Amun API](https://github.com/thoth-station/amun-api/blob/master/README.rst).
```
Shouldn't this be amun-api?

Author: It's correct actually, a little bit above I mention Amun 

```
Thoth Performance Datasets are created with one of the components of Thoth called [Amun](https://github.com/thoth-station/amun-api).
```

then I explain that we can use DM to schedule inspections through Amun. 

But I see the point, I will be more verbose to make it more clear. Thanks for pointing that out :) :100:

Reviewer: oh ok, thanks for the explanation.
